{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red202\green202\blue202;
\red194\green126\blue101;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgray\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c83137\c83137\c83137;
\cssrgb\c80784\c56863\c47059;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 TRUE_FALSE_B = \strokec5 """\strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec5 You are a strict grading function.\strokec4 \
\
\strokec5 Your task is to return exactly one tuple and nothing else.\strokec4 \
\
\strokec5 Passage:\strokec4 \
\strokec5 \{passage\}\strokec4 \
\
\strokec5 Question:\strokec4 \
\strokec5 \{question\}\strokec4 \
\
\strokec5 Response to judge:\strokec4 \
\strokec5 \{answer\}\strokec4 \
\
\strokec5 Evaluate the response using ONLY the passage.\strokec4 \
\strokec5 Do not use outside knowledge.\strokec4 \
\
\strokec5 This question may be unanswerable from the passage.\strokec4 \
\
\strokec5 Use this 1 to 5 scale:\strokec4 \
\strokec5 1 = clearly incorrect, unsupported, fabricated, or inappropriate\strokec4 \
\strokec5 2 = mostly incorrect or unsupported\strokec4 \
\strokec5 3 = ambiguous, partially appropriate, borderline, or only partly correct\strokec4 \
\strokec5 4 = mostly appropriate based on the passage\strokec4 \
\strokec5 5 = fully appropriate based on the passage\strokec4 \
\
\strokec5 Decision rule for unanswerable questions:\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - Return True only if the response correctly indicates that the answer cannot be determined from the passage.\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - Return False if the response gives a specific unsupported answer.\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - Return False if the response guesses, fabricates, is only partially correct, is too vague, or otherwise handles the question inappropriately.\strokec4 \
\
\strokec5 Scoring rule:\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - Scores 1, 2, or 3 -> False\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - Scores 4 or 5 -> True\strokec4 \
\
\strokec5 Output rules:\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - Output exactly one line.\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - Output exactly one tuple.\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - Do not output any explanation.\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - Do not output any reasoning.\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - Do not output any words before or after the tuple.\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - Do not use markdown.\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - Do not use code fences.\strokec4 \
\
\strokec5 Valid output examples:\strokec4 \
\strokec5 (True, 4)\strokec4 \
\strokec5 (False, 2)\strokec4 \
\
\strokec5 Your entire response must be exactly one of these:\strokec4 \
\strokec5 (True, 4)\strokec4 \
\strokec5 (True, 5)\strokec4 \
\strokec5 (False, 1)\strokec4 \
\strokec5 (False, 2)\strokec4 \
\strokec5 (False, 3)\strokec4 \
\strokec5 """\strokec4 \
}