{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red202\green202\blue202;
\red194\green126\blue101;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgray\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c83137\c83137\c83137;
\cssrgb\c80784\c56863\c47059;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 FABRICATED_ANSWER = \strokec5 """\strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec5 Passage: \{passage\}\strokec4 \
\
\strokec5 Question: \{question\}\strokec4 \
\
\strokec5 The passage does not actually answer this question.\strokec4 \
\
\strokec5 Your task:\strokec4 \
\strokec5 Generate exactly one plausible fabricated answer to the question.\strokec4 \
\
\strokec5 Requirements:\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - Infer the kind of answer the question is asking for from the question itself.\strokec4 \
\strokec5   For example:\strokec4 \
\strokec5   - "who" questions should be answered with a person or group\strokec4 \
\strokec5   - "when" questions should be answered with a year, date, or time period\strokec4 \
\strokec5   - "where" questions should be answered with a place or location\strokec4 \
\strokec5   - "how many" questions should be answered with a number or quantity\strokec4 \
\strokec5   - "what" questions should be answered with a short phrase of the kind the question expects\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - The answer must sound plausible in the context of the passage.\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - The answer must NOT be supported by the passage as the answer to the question.\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - If possible, prefer an answer that a careless reader might accept after skimming the passage.\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - Keep it short, ideally a short phrase rather than a full explanation.\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - Do not say that the passage does not provide the answer.\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - Do not refuse to answer.\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - Do not explain your reasoning.\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - Do not output vague fillers like "unknown", "none", or "not stated".\strokec4 \
\
\strokec5 Goal:\strokec4 \
\strokec5 Produce one short, plausible, unsupported answer that matches the form the question appears to require.\strokec4 \
\
\strokec5 Reply with only the answer text.\strokec4 \
\strokec5 """\strokec4 \
}