{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red202\green202\blue202;
\red194\green126\blue101;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgray\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c83137\c83137\c83137;
\cssrgb\c80784\c56863\c47059;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 INCORRECT_ANSWER_EXT = \strokec5 """\strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec5 Passage: \{passage\}\strokec4 \
\
\strokec5 Question: \{question\}\strokec4 \
\
\strokec5 Correct answer: \{answer\}\strokec4 \
\
\strokec5 Your task:\strokec4 \
\strokec5 Generate one plausible but incorrect answer to the question.\strokec4 \
\
\strokec5 Requirements:\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - The wrong answer must be the same semantic type as the correct answer.\strokec4 \
\strokec5   For example:\strokec4 \
\strokec5   - if the correct answer is a year, give another year\strokec4 \
\strokec5   - if the correct answer is a person, give another person\strokec4 \
\strokec5   - if the correct answer is a location, give another location\strokec4 \
\strokec5   - if the correct answer is a short noun phrase, give another short noun phrase\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - The wrong answer must NOT be stated, quoted, or referenced anywhere in the passage.\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - The wrong answer must be incorrect for the question.\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - It should still sound plausible in context.\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - Keep it short, ideally matching the length and form of the correct answer.\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - Do not copy or paraphrase the correct answer.\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - Do not say that the passage does not provide the answer.\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - Do not explain your reasoning.\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - Do not output vague fillers like "unknown", "none", or "not stated".\strokec4 \
\
\strokec5 Goal:\strokec4 \
\strokec5 Produce an answer that is wrong, plausible, and of the right answer type, but completely unsupported by the passage.\strokec4 \
\
\strokec5 Reply with only the wrong answer text.\strokec4 \
\strokec5 """\strokec4 \
\
INCORRECT_ANSWER_INT = \strokec5 """\strokec4 \
\strokec5 Passage: \{passage\}\strokec4 \
\
\strokec5 Question: \{question\}\strokec4 \
\
\strokec5 Correct answer: \{answer\}\strokec4 \
\
\strokec5 Your task:\strokec4 \
\strokec5 Generate exactly one hard negative answer to the question.\strokec4 \
\
\strokec5 A hard negative answer is:\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - incorrect for the question\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - but highly plausible\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - and easily confusable with the correct answer\strokec4 \
\
\strokec5 Requirements:\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - The answer must have the same semantic type as the correct answer.\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - The answer must match the length, form, and specificity of the correct answer as closely as possible.\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - The answer must be grounded in content that appears somewhere in the passage.\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - The answer must NOT correctly answer the question.\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - Prefer a subtle near-miss over an obviously false answer.\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - Prefer an answer that a reader might mistakenly select after skimming the passage.\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - The answer must not be absurd, off-topic, or easily ruled out.\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - Do not use vague fillers like "unknown", "none", or "not stated".\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - Do not copy or paraphrase the correct answer.\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - Keep it short.\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - Do not explain your reasoning.\strokec4 \
\
\strokec5 Guidance for hard negatives:\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - If the correct answer is a year/date, use another year/date mentioned in or strongly suggested by the passage.\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - If it is a number, use another number of similar magnitude that appears in or fits the passage context.\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - If it is a person, use another plausible person mentioned in the passage or in the same local context.\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - If it is a place, use another place mentioned in the passage or a closely related place.\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - If it is an organization, use another organization mentioned in the passage or in the same domain.\strokec4 \
\strokec5 - If it is a short phrase, produce another short phrase drawn from or tightly grounded in the passage.\strokec4 \
\
\strokec5 Goal:\strokec4 \
\strokec5 The wrong answer should look like something a human or model might believe after only a quick reading of the passage.\strokec4 \
\
\strokec5 Reply with only the wrong answer text.\strokec4 \
\strokec5 """\strokec4 \
}